Feature/add missing ots (#59)
mindee/mindee-api-java: README.md

  documentToParse);
```

### Region-Specific Documents
```java
import com.mindee.parsing;
import com.mindee.parsing.us.bankcheck;

MindeeClient mindeeClient = new MindeeClient(new MindeeSetings("<MINDEE API KEY>"));

> DocumentToParse documentToParse = mindeeClient.loadDocument(new File("src/main/resources/invoices/invoice1.pdf"));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocumentToParse documentToParse = mindeeClient.loadDocument(new File("/path/to/the/file.ext"));
```

Document<BankCheckV1Inference> bankCheckDocument = mindeeClient.parse(
  BankCheckV1Inference.class,
  documentToParse);
```

### Custom Documents (API Builder)
```java
import com.mindee.parsing;
import com.mindee.parsing.custom;

MindeeClient mindeeClient = new MindeeClient(new MindeeSetings("<MINDEE API KEY>"));

> CustomEndpoint customEndpoint = new CustomEndpoint("myProductName", "myAccountName", "myModelVersion");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CustomEndpoint customEndpoint = new CustomEndpoint("myProductName", "myAccountName");
```
Adding the version is more of an advanced usage, in the TL;DR we just want to make sure it will work.

> DocumentToParse documentToParse = mindeeClient.loadDocument(new File("src/main/resources/invoices/invoice1.pdf"));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocumentToParse documentToParse = mindeeClient.loadDocument(new File("/path/to/the/file.ext"));
```
